119
Sand:pred clr,lt grn,gry and
brn,fn gr,subrndd,pred qtz 
grs,com calc,r-tr epid stng,
tr-chlor,tr hem,tr-mnr mica
flks.

209
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):lt
brn-rd brn and gry,high
plasticity,v stky,laminated,
abun calc;intbdd w/Sand:pred
clr,lt grn,gry and brn,fn 
gr,subrndd,pred qtz grs,
com calc.

289
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):tan,
lt brn,gry,high plasticity,v
stky,laminated,prly-mod water
sol,com-abun calc.

349
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):tan,
lt brn,rd-brn,gry,v plastic,v
stky,laminated,prly-mod water
sol,com-abun calc,intbdd w/
Sand:pred clr,tan,gry,wht,
v fn-fn gr,rndd-subrndd,pred
qtz grs,com k-spar & mica.

485
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):
alternating btwn lt brn,
rd-brn,gry,v plastic,v stky,
laminated,prly-mod water sol,
com-abun calc,intbdd w/Sand:
pred clr,tan,gry,wht,v fn-fn 
gr,rndd-subrndd,pred qtz grs,
com k-spar & mica.

570
Sandstone:clr to lt brn,pred
qtz sand,fn grs,wkly-mod 
cmntd,friable intrbdd w/Clay
(Inorganic Fat Clay):
alternating btwn lt brn,
rd-brn,gry,v plastic,v stky,
laminated,prly-mod water sol,
com-abun calc intrbdd w/
Siltstone:brn to dk brn,mod 
cmntd,firm,aphan txt,com
calc.

685
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):
beige,lt brn,rd-brn,gry,v 
plastic,v stky,laminated,
prly-mod water sol,mnr-com
calc intrbdd w/Siltstone:
brn,rd-brn,mod cmntd,firm,
aphan txt,mnr calc.

770
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):
beige,lt brn,rd-brn,gry,loc
pale blue,v sft-sft, v 
plastic,v stky,laminated,
prly-mod water sol,mnr calc
intrbdd w/Siltstone: brn,
rd-brn,mod cmntd,firm,
aphan txt,mnr calc.

850
Sandstone:wht to lt grn,mod-
well cmntd,dist gr bndrs,mnr
chlor wash,tr mica flks;
grades into Clay:altrntng 
gray to red-brn,v plastic,
v stky,com calc.

930
Sandstone:wht,loc pale grn,
mod hd-hd,mod-well cmntd,
dist gr bndrs,abs-r chlor 
wash,tr mica flks.

990
Sandstone:wht,loc pale grn,
mod hd-hd,mod-well cmntd,
dist gr bndrs,abs-r chlor 
wash,tr mica flks.

1055
Siltstone:brn,rd brn,firm,
mod cmntd,aphan txt,grades
into clay with depth,com-
abun calc.

1109
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):
alternating btwn lt brn,
rd-brn,gry,v plastic,v stky,
prly-mod water sol,com-abun 
calc intrbdd w/Siltstone:brn 
to dk brn,mod cmntd,firm,
aphan txt,com calc.

1210
Sandstone:pred clr qtz grs
w/multi-colrd grs,mod-dist 
gr bndrs,v hd,well cmntd,tr 
cube pyr,tr chlor.

1290
Sandstone:pred clr qtz grs
w/multi-colrd grs,mod-dist 
gr bndrs,hd,mod well cmntd,
tr cube pyr,tr chlor. 

1360
Clay(Inorganic Fat Clay):
alternating btwn lt brn,
rd-brn,gry,v plastic,v stky,
prly-mod water sol,tr-mnr 
calc.

1455
Sandstone:pred clr qtz grs
w/multi-colrd grs,
mod-dist gr bndrs,hd-v hd,
mod well cmntd,absnt-tr pyr,
tr-chlor.

1565
Siltstone:lt gry-gry,occ rd 
brn,soft,mod cmntd,aphan txt,
occ laminated,prly water sol,
abun calc,r calc,occ r pyr.

1620
Clay(Claystone):lt grn to lt
gry-grn,v plastic,v wthrd,
sft-frm clasts,com-abun calc.

1670
Sandstone:off wht to lt gry,
pred qtz grs,silic,v hd,
dist gr bndrs,tr cube pyr,tr
tr calc,tr mica flks, wthrd 
to Sand:mixed off wht-wht & 
clr,pred qtz grs,ang-subrndd 
intrbdd w/Siltstone:v lt 
grn-gry,frm-mod hd,laminated.

1815
Sandstone:wht-lt gry,hd-v hd,
mnr disagg grs,pred qtz grs 
w/com felds grs,mod-occ str 
silic cmt,v fn-occ med gr,
ang-subrndd,mod srtd,r-mnr
intrgran calc,r cubic pyr,
r-tr chlor wash,occ wht &
blk mica,r v fn blk org mat,
intrbdd w/Siltstone:v lt 
lt grn,lt-med gry,frm-mod 
hd,sl fissile,com lams.

1980
Sandstone:wht,lt gry,frosted,
pred hd,abun disagg grs,pred
qtz grs,wk-mod silic cmt,wk
calc cmt,v fn-fn gr,subang-
rndd,mod srtd,tr-mnr qtz cmt,
tr-mnr calc cmt,r disem/agg
pyr,occ chlortzd grs/flakes/
wash,tr wht mica,r-tr v fn 
blk org mat.

2070
Siltstone:lt-med gry,pred 
frm-occ mod hd,mass,mod calc,
occ silty lams,sl fiss,abun 
grdg to v fn sandstone,mnr-
com calc,r-tr v fn disem & 
occ agg pyr,tr blk org mat.

2135
Sandstone:wht,v lt gry,pred
disagg grs-poss sand,frm-mod
hd,v fri,v wk calc cmt,pred
qtz grs,pred fn gr,subrndd-
rndd,well srtd,r calc,r cube/
agg pyr,r chlor flakes,tr v 
fn blk org mat.

2215
Siltstone:buff-v lt gry,frm-
occ mod hd,mass,mod calc,com
blk org mat lams,occ silty
lams,mnr-com calc,r v fn 
disem pyr.

2320
Sandstone:wht-lt gry,hd-v hd,
mnr disagg grs,pred qtz grs 
w/com felds grs,mod-occ str 
silic cmt,v fn-occ med gr,
ang-subrndd,r-mnr qtz cmt,
abs-tr cub pyr,tr mica flakes,
intrbdd w/Siltstone:mixed 
v lt-lt grn and gry,frm-mod 
hd,sl fissile,com lams,mnr 
calc.

2423
Siltstone:v lt-med gry,frm-
mod hd,mass,mod-occ str calc,
com silty & occ sandy lams,
abun crs silt grdg to v fn 
sandstone,r v fn disem pyr,
r-tr blk org mat.

2488
Sandstone:wht,v lt gry,mod
hd,v fri,pred disagg grs,
wk silic/calc cmt,occ wht 
calc clay mtx,pred qtz grs 
w/occ felds & volc grs,pred 
v fn-fn gr,subrndd-rndd,mod-
well srtd,r-tr qtz cmt,tr 
calc cmt,loc r intrgran
sparry calc,r loose pyr cubes 
& aggs,tr fn blk org mat.

2590
Sand:pred clr w/occ wht & v 
lt grn grs,unconsol,fn-med 
gr,subang-subrndd,pred qtz 
grs w/occ felds grs,tr calc
coated grs,tr-chlor,tr mica 
flks.

2655
Siltstone:v lt-med gry,mod 
hd-hd,mod-occ str calc,com 
silty & occ sandy lams,abun 
crs silt grdg to Sandstone:
wht-lt grn,mod hd-hd,occ 
fri,v fn gr,tr chlor wash.

2722
Sandstone:poss Sand,clr,
frosted,occ grn & red,pred
disagg/unconsol grs,pred
qtz grs,pred fn gr,subrndd-
rndd,well srtd,r-tr calc
coated grs/wk cmt,r loose
cube & agg pyr,r chlor &
wht mica flakes,tr fn blk
org mat.

2820
Sandstone:wht-lt gry,hd-v hd,
mnr disagg grs,pred qtz grs 
w/com felds grs,mod-occ str 
silic cmt,v fn-occ med gr,
ang-subrndd,r-mnr qtz cmt,
abs-tr cub pyr,tr mica flakes,
intrbdd w/Siltstone:pred dk
gry,frm-hd,sl fissile,com
lams,tr-mnr calc.

2930
Sandstone:clr,wht-lt gry,
hd-v hd,mnr disagg grs,pred 
qtz grs w/com felds grs,
mod-occ str silic cmt,
v fn-occ med gr,ang-subrndd,
r-mnr qtz cmt,abs-r cub pyr,
tr mica flakes,intrbdd 
w/Siltstone:med-dk gry,frm-hd,
sl fiss,com lams,tr-mnr calc.

3005
Siltstone:v lt-med gry,mod 
hd-hd,mod-occ str calc,tr
dissem pyr,com silty & occ 
sandy lams,abun crs silt 
grdg to Sandstone:wht-lt grn
w/mnr clr qtz grs,mod hd-hd,
occ fri,v fn gr,tr- mnr 
chlor wash.

3095
Sandstone:clr,wht-lt gry,
hd-v hd,pred disagg grs,pred 
qtz grs w/com felds grs,
mod-occ str silic cmt,fn-occ 
med gr,ang-subrndd,r-mnr qtz 
cmt,abs-tr cub/dissem pyr,
tr mica flakes.

3170
Siltstone:lt-dk gry,hd-v hd,
mod-occ str calc,sl fiss,tr
chlor wash.

3210
Sandstone:off wht-lt gry,hd-v hd,
com disagg grs,pred qtz grs 
w/com felds grs,mod-occ str 
silic cmt,v fn-occ med gr,
ang-subrndd,r-mnr qtz cmt,
abs-tr cub pyr,tr mica flakes,
intrbdd w/Siltstone:mixed 
gry-dk gry & grn,frm-mod 
hd,sl fissile,com lams,mnr 
calc.